Update documentation for open-source liquid objects (forloop + tablerowloop), Liquid variations, case/when, inline comments (#1638)
Shopify/liquid: _tags/iteration.md

## for

> Repeatedly executes a block of code. For a full list of attributes available within a `for` loop, refer to [forloop (object)](#forloop-object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeatedly executes a block of code. For a full list of attributes available within a `for` loop, refer to the [forloop (object)](#forloop-object).
```

6 5 4 3 2 1
```

## forloop (object)

Information about a parent [`for` loop](#for).

```json
{
  "first": true,
  "index": 1,
  "index0": 0,
  "last": false,
  "length": 4,
  "rindex": 3
}
```

### Use the `forloop` object

<p class="code-label">Input</p>
```liquid
{%- raw -%}
{% assign smoothie_flavors = "orange, strawberry, banana" | split: ", " %}

{% for flavor in smoothie_flavors -%}
  {%- if forloop.length > 0 -%}
    {{ flavor }}{% unless forloop.last %}-{% endunless -%}
  {%- endif -%}
{% endfor %}
{% endraw %}
```

<p class="code-label">Output</p>
```text
orange-strawberry-banana
```

### forloop (properties)

| Property | Description | Returns |

> | `length` | The total number of iterations in the loop. |  `number` |

Reviewer: Does there need to be a divider here to separate the headings from the rest of table content? 

`|--- | --- | --- |`

| `parentloop` | The parent `forloop` object. If the current `for` loop isn't nested inside another `for` loop, then `nil` is returned. | `forloop` |
| `index` | The 1-based index of the current iteration. | `number` |
| `index0` | The 0-based index of the current iteration. | `number` |
| `rindex` | The 1-based index of the current iteration, in reverse order. | `number` |
| `rindex0` | The 0-based index of the current iteration, in reverse order. | `number` |

> | `first` | Returns `true` if the current iteration is the first. Returns `false` if not. | `boolean` |
> | `last` | Returns `true` if the current iteration is the last. Returns `false` if not. | `boolean` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `first` | Whether the current iteration is the first. | `boolean` |
| `last` | Whether the current iteration is the last. | `boolean` |
```

Reviewer: Some shorter alternative descriptions -- feel free to take or leave!

## tablerow

> Generates an HTML table. Must be wrapped in opening `<table>` and closing `</table>` HTML tags. For a full list of attributes available within a `tablerow` loop, refer to [tablerowloop (object)](#tablerowloop-object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates an HTML table. Must be wrapped in opening `<table>` and closing `</table>` HTML tags. For a full list of attributes available within a `tablerow` loop, refer to the [tablerowloop (object)](#tablerowloop-object).
```

</table>
{% endraw %}
```

## tablerowloop (object)

Information about a parent [`tablerow` loop](#tablerow).

```json
{
  "col": 1,
  "col0": 0,
  "col_first": true,
  "col_last": false,
  "first": true,
  "index": 1,
  "index0": 0,
  "last": false,
  "length": 5,
  "rindex": 5,
  "rindex0": 4,
  "row": 1
}
```

### tablerowloop (properties)

> | Property | Description | Returns |

Reviewer: Similar question here re: need for a divider. 😄

| `col` | The 1-based index of the current column. | `number` |
| `col0` | The 0-based index of the current column. | `number` |

> | `col_first` | Returns `true` if the current column is the first in the row. Returns `false` if not. | `boolean` |

Reviewer: Boolean fields can also use the "`Whether`..." start to the sentences here -- totally up to you!
